[ZT] update Gateway Locations section (#4596)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/set-up-warp.md

### 4. (optional) Add a location to Gateway.

> By default, the WARP client will direct DoH queries to a default DNS endpoint when enrolled to your account. If you need to direct these queries to a separate DNS endpoint, [add a location](/cloudflare-one/policies/filtering/dns-policies/locations/) to Gateway. This will create a new DoH endpoint, which you can add when deploying the WARP client to your devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The WARP client will direct DoH queries to a default DNS endpoint when enrolled to your Zero Trust organization. If you need to direct these queries to a separate DNS endpoint, [add a location](/cloudflare-one/policies/filtering/dns-policies/locations/) to Gateway. This will create a new DoH endpoint, which you can add when deploying the WARP client to your devices.
```

> The WARP client will direct DoH queries to a default DNS endpoint when enrolled to your Zero Trust organization. If you need to direct these queries to a separate DNS endpoint, [add a location](/cloudflare-one/policies/filtering/dns-policies/locations/) to Gateway. This will create a new DoH endpoint, which you can add when deploying the WARP client to your devices.

Author: ```suggestion
The WARP client will direct DoH queries to a default DNS endpoint when enrolled to your Zero Trust organization. If you need to direct these queries to a separate DNS endpoint, [add a location](/cloudflare-one/policies/filtering/dns-policies/locations/) to Gateway. Gateway will assign a [DoH subdomain](/cloudflare-one/glossary/#doh-subdomain) to that location, which you can add when deploying the WARP client to your devices.
```

> Add your office as a location on Gateway. Gateway will assign a [DoH subdomain](/cloudflare-one/glossary/#doh-subdomain) to that location — you will then need this value when deploying the WARP client to your devices.

Reviewer: @ranbel do you think we need this paragraph? looks like it could maybe be merged with the one before since the structure is quite similar (it mentions WARP deployment to devices). wdyt?

Author: agreed, let's merge the two paragraphs

> Add your office as a location on Gateway. Gateway will assign a [DoH subdomain](/cloudflare-one/glossary/#doh-subdomain) to that location — you will then need this value when deploying the WARP client to your devices.

Author: ```suggestion
```
